As you may have already noticed from answering the first two questions,
not every data science problem involves
the fanciest deep learning or machine learning algorithm.
Many data science problems and practice involve a question that needs answering,
the right amount of creative curiosity,
the right data and diligence and coding or
using another tool to assist in finding the correct solution.
Here, we use the leading to in industry which is Python.
But you could use R, Tableau,
or any other tool that analyzes data.
The best solution is one that's accessible for those around you to act on.
These top four are needed for all data science problems;
these two are tools.
Though they're very powerful and currently surrounded by a lot of hype,
they aren't going to provide the answer to every question.
The best data scientist tend to have mastery of many of these fields,
but it is also possible for data scientists to be very
focused in their responsibilities to one of these disciplines.
Data science teams may be comprised of experts that work in
niche areas related to any one of these areas.